hi everybody welcome back to my channel
today I'm going to be doing an exciting
video and it's May following me around
I've got one of these for so long if not
I haven't even done one I'm not too sure
but I'm going to came up and I want to
see if they have any new makeup there I
might pick up some things to try and do
like a review on and sorry that was like
it's Victor oh yeah try to have anything
I might pick it up and then I can do a
review on my channel but I stole my
makeup nothing and this literally is the
best thing ever guys let me show you it
alright it's dirty it's dear no as a
blush and bronzer and I've got both in
one and I end up a little bit on because
you know I'm just going to came heart
and it's came up yeah I literally just
you much watched it with a brush and I
got a bobbi brown pot Rouge for lips and
she's this is fresh melon
I think I'd use off my lips because it's
really really pretty and it's a cream so
I don't on it I really like cream
blushes then the last thing I got is
this matte kabuki brush this is so good
I'd use it for powder today yeah
actually picks up a lot of product so
this is it it's quite thick it's not so
much like soft but you know I also comes
in a little little baggy but yeah I'm
gonna try and run some makeup at the
shop anyway enough of my yapping because
I've gone on about so much but let's
just go to the shops
now we're going into came on line
everybody favorite shut up because CG
I sustained that cover
so rune came on I'm just looking at the
makeup oh yeah nicest as a basket so you
guys I'm some shops and my sis was just
trying on stuff and I will show you home
and yeah so guys I'm now back this is
what's gonna finally get from there but
then you know you knowing my yard find
more stuff so it's the stain Matt Rimmel
London pressed powder a lot of good
things like this I know a lot of people
have it so I might do like the first
impressions on all these um but yeah
I'll just do like a first impression
all these rocks what's up cuz I got that
I got the elf lip gloss lash and brow
clear mascara I got this mainly for
brows because right now I have a savvy
Jojo and it's not that good so I really
wanted one I couldn't find the essence
one and then I got the stress bronze a
doe I should have held just let me try
and I'll just show you the colors
- the colors are very nice sorry now I
have this pillar and I have the I see on
tour I got the Australis lip liner lip
pencil and I want to lip pencil and I
kind of got it to this shape and then I
got two brushes and I'll just do my
opinion rocking out is you know they're
not too fancy or anything but it's just
the elf blush brush soft I'm just gonna
put I got the shade or face brush her
teeth and oh well my mom bought me the
fashioned fades doe is internal NYC -
cute and I will say good a cat one cuz I
love cats
now that's it for my follow me around
and a haul so I really hope you enjoyed
it if do give it a like and I might do
more of this yeah some likes and I'll
see you next time bye